Hi, what would happen if you lived in
a city that didn't
get any sunlight at all, so that the
city only relied on
lamps as a source of lighting
. The cities were called the city of buckets, a city
where mankind lived an
underground life that was very different
from life on earth.  In general,
once Central scientists
gathered to keep a secret
in a box that had been arranged to
be opened after 200 years later
years over time the box began to
be forgotten and no one knew
about the existence of the city 200
years later the city of buckets still
shows life in
even though the city should no
longer be inhabited, the same as in the past, the
city of Bucket still never touched the
sun at all, the residents there
only depended on the light of the lamp.
for your information,
there is a rule that every
child who has graduated from elementary school
must determine and choose a job
for their whole life later two
children named Lina Dandun came to the
event to get
their job but unfortunately the
job they got was not what they wanted
.  they wanted the
two of them to finally exchange
jobs where Lina, who initially
got a job in the
generator section became a
mail carrier. On the other hand, don't work
in a generator to realize her
dream of freeing the residents of the city of
buckets. The next day Lina started
working as a mail carrier to
support her sister and brother.  his
old grandmother as well as the world began to
do the job he dreamed of for a long time
bucket city is a city that has
many problems and dangers that threaten
one of them is a big animal where
no one is allowed to approach
its territory  and also the leaking generator pipes
that are always added and
never replaced and the only
way to stop the leak is
to cover the leak because the
generator is in trouble the city of embers
often experiences blackouts and the
result of this blackout is that the city
will be pitch black because there is
no light source  another time,
due to a generator that caught fire, the city of
buckets again experienced a blackout when
Lina went to the mayor's building
and looked at the previous mayor's painting
there. Lina realized that
one of the mayor's paintings
was Lina's great-grandfather who in the
painting seemed to be holding a box
that Linda met  at home then he
rushed to tell the mayor At that
time about the box he had at
his house at home Lina got curious
and opened the box she tried to
solve the mystery of some of the
objects in the box but she couldn't
find any code the lights went
out again until the next day  and
unfortunately Lina's grandmother was found
dead one day
when Lina returned to try to solve the
mystery of the box when Lina and
her sister
moved to a new house assisted by
Bun, they began to find out the mystery of the
box.
in the box they
spontaneously ran to avoid a
large animal in the form of a mouse that suddenly
appeared and chased them after they
managed to escape they found a
helmet whose owner is said to have drowned at the
bottom of the pipe my flight is the name of the
owner of habitu who is Lina
Lina's father then find out through  the person
who was known to his father and mother
told that his father
died while looking for a way out of the
city of embers then Lina and first
went straight into the tunnel which was
deleted from the map then in the
tunnel there was a lot of
food that should be destined
for the residents of the city of embe  r but was
kept by the mayor himself.
Hai Bisa Adlina tried to report he was
immediately arrested by the
mayor's personal bodyguard but luckily when the mayor was going to be
interrogated there, the
lights went out immediately. Lina took the
opportunity to escape
temporarily and also ran when
the police started chasing the dunker
At his house he ran into a room
where Lina was waiting then
they saw a carriage made by
Dun's father lively and immediately boarded the
train without knowing where they would be taken
by the train line
while the Mayor of Tengah was engrossed in his
arrogance where he
felt he had succeeded in commanding the
residents of the city of buckets and  make the
city better when Lina Dandun arrived
at the end of the rail they went down and
immediately returned to the city to pick up
Lina's sister and continued their mission
to go to the locked generator door
they managed to find the
door key because Lina followed  the note from the
box which has the exact same design as
the back of the lock
is behind the locker but when I
first tried to open the locker it turned out that
there was a boat in it they
turned a lever near there and the
boat went into the generator room
where there was a river but
a windmill  Lina immediately
destroyed the boat and was
confused, they tried to find out
what it really meant.
They opened another door where the
key came from Lina's box and
from Mayor Yang Lina stole it.
They fixed the moving pinwheel and
then stopped with the help of friends
named Question.  However, because the force was
too strong, damage began to occur in the
city of buckets. The cunning mayor rushed
off and saved himself
to a food storage area for the
residents of the city of buckets. Unfortunately, there was
a giant rat and the
Mayor immediately became the rat's meal
.  unlain A and his sister boarded the
boat with the help of problems that
held the pinwheel to keep it moving
Hi the boat they made it through the
pinwheel then after going through
several challenging paths They
arrived at the end of the river there they
found a match and a
guide paper they made  it was
as a light and
guide they kept walking and arrived
at the earth's surface but they were
frustrated because they hoped that after
getting out they would find
a better and brighter place
but all they got was darkness
But a few moments later the sky began to
emit light where it was  is a
sign that the sun will rise They are happy
at that moment because their hopes
of getting out of the city of buckets finally
come true Doodle Lina then
sends a message with a
paper and stone through a hole
that leads to the city of buckets down there the
message reaches the hand  The world's
father and Bun's father were also happy when they
found out that their son managed to find a
way out of the city of buckets. Okay,
that was the synopsis of the film, entitled
City of
three, I hope this film can
be the right film recommendation
for all of you, watch it.
forget to like share
subscribe or follow this channel so
you can get recommendations
for other exciting films
[Music]